This project is a basic counter 
implemented in React using the
useState hook, enabling you to 
increment and decrement the
counter value. However, the code
contains mistakes that need to
befixed in order for it to
function correctly.

Step 1: The useState hook is
not imported correctly.

Step 2: The count variable is
incremented incorrectly in the
handleIncrement function.

Step 3: The closing parenthesis
for the handleDecrement function
is missing the curly braces.

Step 4: There is no space between
the if statement and the opening
parenthesis inside the
handleDecrement function.

Step 5: The onClick event handler
for the "Increment" button is 
incorrectly written as onclick.

Step 6: The onclick attribute
of the "Increment" button should
be onClick.

Step 7: The closing </div> tag is 
missing a forward slash.
